README.md, before:

# LRmixStudio
LRmix Studio is a free of charge, open-source (GPLv 3 license), expert system dedicated to the interpretation of forensic DNA profiles, with a particular focus on complex DNA mixtures. LRmix Studio enables measuring the probative value of any (autosomal STR-based) forensic DNA profile. LRmix Studio is programmed after the likelihood ratio model described in Haned et al (FSIG 2012) and Gill &amp; Haned (FSIG 2013). This model explicitly accommodates for uncertainty in the DNA profiles from the allelic drop-out and drop-in phenomena. The program estimates these quantities from the available data, and uses those estimates to generate likelihood ratios. LRmix Studio was designed and developed by Hinda Haned and Jeroen de Jong, and was partly supported by a grant from the Netherlands Genomics Initiative/ Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research (NWO) within the framework of the Forensic Genomics Consortium Netherlands. 

[![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/smartrank/lrmixstudio/latest/total.svg)](https://github.com/smartrank/lrmixstudio/releases/latest)

Commit message:

README.md new includes a reference to the manual.

README.md, after:

# LRmixStudio
LRmix Studio is a free of charge, open-source (GPLv 3 license), expert system dedicated to the interpretation of forensic DNA profiles, with a particular focus on complex DNA mixtures. LRmix Studio enables measuring the probative value of any (autosomal STR-based) forensic DNA profile. LRmix Studio is programmed after the likelihood ratio model described in Haned et al (FSIG 2012) and Gill &amp; Haned (FSIG 2013). This model explicitly accommodates for uncertainty in the DNA profiles from the allelic drop-out and drop-in phenomena. The program estimates these quantities from the available data, and uses those estimates to generate likelihood ratios. LRmix Studio was designed and developed by Hinda Haned and Jeroen de Jong, and was partly supported by a grant from the Netherlands Genomics Initiative/ Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research (NWO) within the framework of the Forensic Genomics Consortium Netherlands. 

# Manual
The manual for LRmixStudio can be opened from within the application bij clicking _View Manual_ in the _Help_ menu, or can be opened directly from the application folder. It is also available here: https://github.com/smartrank/lrmixstudio/blob/master/docs/manual/manual.pdf

# Statistics
[![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/smartrank/lrmixstudio/latest/total.svg)](https://github.com/smartrank/lrmixstudio/releases/latest)
